.TH MJWM 1

.SH NAME
mjwm \- create menu for JWM

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mjwm
[\fB\-o\fR \fIOUTPUT FILE\fR]
[\fB\-i\fR \fIINPUT DIRECTORY\fR]
[\fB\-c\fR \fICATEGORY FILE\fR]
[\fB\-\-iconize\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mjwm
creates JWM menu from FreeDesktop files present in XDG application directories

Include the generated file in the rootmenu section of your ~/.jwmrc.
For more information visit http://github.com/chiku/mjwm.

.B The following options are available.

.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-category\-file =\fIFILE\fR
Use an external category file.
This overrides the built in categories. Please look at default.mjwm to write your own category file.

.TP
.BR \-\-help
Show help.

.TP
.BR \-\-iconize ", " \-\-iconize =\fITHEME\fR
Search for icons by name in $HOME, $XDG_DATA_DIRS/icons and /usr/share/pixmaps.
The icon references in the generated menu would be absolute paths to icons in the specified directories.
The given icon is searched for icons. If not specified the icon theme hicolor is searched.

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-input\-directory =\fIDIRECTORY\fR
Directory to scan for .desktop files. Multiple directories, if provided, must be separated by colons.
Default is $XDG_DATA_DIRS/applications:$XDG_DATA_HOME/applications.
/usr/local/share:/usr/share if $XDG_DATA_DIRS is not set.
$HOME/.local/share is used if $XDG_DATA_HOME is not set.

.TP
.BR \-\-language =\fINAME\fR
The language for which the menu would be build. Defaults to the system default.

.TP
.BR \-\-no\-backup
Do not create any backup files.

.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output\-file =\fIFILE\fR
Menu output file name.
Default is $HOME/.jwmrc-mjwm.
.LP

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Verbose output.

.TP
.BR \-\-version
Show version information.

.TP
.B Exit Status:
0      if OK,

1      if files could not be accesses (e.g., could not write output file),

2      if the command-line arguments are incorrect.
.LP 


.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
Generate menu entries for files in /usr/local/share/applications
.BR mjwm \ \-i\ /usr/local/share/applications

.TP
Generate menu entries from files in multiple directories /usr/local/share/applications, /usr/share/applications and ~/.local/share/applications
.BR mjwm \ \-i\ /usr/local/share/applications:/usr/share/applications:~/.local/share/applications

.TP
Use categories from an external file
.BR mjwm \ \-c\ data/default.mjwm
.LP

.TP
Create menu entries with absolute path names to Hicolor icons images
.BR mjwm \ \-\-iconize
.LP

.TP
Create menu entries with absolute path names to Faenza icons images
.BR mjwm \ \-\-iconize=Faenza
.LP
