.TH MJWM 1

.SH NAME
mjwm \- create menu for JWM

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mjwm
[\fB\-o\fR \fIFILE\fR]
[\fB\-i\fR \fIDIRECTORIES\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mjwm
creates JWM menu from FreeDesktop files inside XDG application directories

Include the generated file in the rootmenu section of your ~/.jwmrc.
For more information visit http://github.com/chiku/mjwm.

The following options are available.

.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output\-file =\fIFILE\fR
Menu output file name.
Default is ./automenu.
.LP

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-input\-directories =\fIDIRECTORIES\fR
The directories to scan for .desktop files. Multiple directories must be separated by colons.
Default is $XDG_DATA_DIRS/applications:$XDG_DATA_HOME/applications.
/usr/local/share/applications:/usr/share/applications is used if $XDG_DATA_DIRS is missing.
$HOME/.local/share/applications is used if $XDG_DATA_HOME is missing.

.TP
.BR \-i ", " \-\-category\-file =\fIFILE\fR
External category file.
Overrides built in categories. Please look at sample default.mjwm to write your own category file.

.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-append\-png
Add ".png" extension to all icon file names.

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Show version information.

.TP
.BR \-s
.B DEPRECATED.
Same as \-i.
.LP

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
Generate menu entries for files inside /usr/local/share/applications
.BR mjwm \ \-i\ /usr/local/share/applications

.TP
Generate menu entries for files inside multiple directories /usr/local/share/applications, /usr/share/applications and ~/.local/share/applications
.BR mjwm \ \-i\ /usr/local/share/applications:/usr/share/applications:~/.local/share/applications

.TP
Create menu entries with icons having a "png" extension
.BR mjwm \ \-a

.TP
Use categories from as an external file
.BR mjwm \ \-c\ data/default.mjwm
.LP
